use case id: U09
use case name: Listening pronunciation test
objective: This use case allows learners to take a test of listening to the pronunciation of the word to test the users’ memory levels.
actor: learner

basic flow:
Step 1: Learner select the review button on the Home page.
Step 2: The system redirects learners to the review's screen.
Step 3: The screen displays the test with a speaker button. 
Step 4: Learner can guess the entire word and choose answer.
Step 5: The system compares Vietnamese meanings and English vocabulary that the user chooses.
Step 6: If the answer is correct, the pop up screen is green.
Step 7: Learner click “Next” button to go to the next question.
Step 8: Step 2 to step 7 is repeated until user reach the last word.
Step 9: Once all the questions have been listened, the “Next” button on the last question will redirect system to the “completion notification” page with a congratulatory message and option buttons to “continue studying” and “return to the lesson page”.
Step 10: Learner clicks "return to the lesson page" 
Step 11: The system redirect to the lesson page.

Alternative flow 1:
At anywhere from step 3 to step 8 of basic flow: Learner click “Exit” to exit review mode.
Step 9: The pop up screen displays “Do you really want to exit?” with “Stay” and “Exit without saving changes” options.
Step 10: Learner chooses “Stay”.
Go back to the step that user choose to branch in the basic flow and continue with the steps from step that user choose to branch in the basic flow.

Alternative flow 2: Learner chooses wrong answer
At step 6 of basic flow: If the answer is wrong, the pop up screen is red.
Go back to step 7 in the basic flow and continue with the steps from step 7.

Exception flow: Learner chooses to exit.
At anywhere from step 3 to step 8 of basic flow: Learner click “Exit” to exit review mode.
Step 9: The pop up screen displays “Do you really want to exit?” with “Stay” and “Exit without saving changes” options.
Step 10: Learner chooses “Exit without saving changes”.
Step 11: The system do not update new words status and redirect to the lesson page.
Go back to the step that user choose to branch in the basic flow and continue with the steps from step that user choose to branch in the basic flow.

Preconditions:
Learner must be logged into the application.

Postconditions:
Topic is marked as completed. 
Vocabulary words are marked as studied.
Learner can review completed topics and studied vocabulary later.


