use case id: U10
use case name: Word sorting test
objective: This use case allows learners to take a test of word arranging test with the purpose of testing the users’ vocabulary memorization levels.
actor: learner

basic flow:
Step 1: Learner select the review button on the Home page.
Step 2: The system redirects learners to the review's screen.
Step 3: The screen displays a question or the meaning of a vocabulary or an image showing the word and those letters of that vocabulary arranged randomly. 
Step 4: Learner arrange letters in order and press enter
Step 5: If the answer is correct, the pop up screen is green.
Step 6: Learner click “Next” button to go to the next question.
Step 7: Step 2 to step 6 is repeated until user reach the last word.
Step 7: Once all the questions have been listened, the “Next” button on the last question will redirect system to the “completion notification” page with a congratulatory message and option buttons to “continue studying” and “return to the lesson page”.
Step 8: Learner clicks "return to the lesson page" 
Step 9: The system redirect to the lesson page.

Alternative flow 1:
At anywhere from step 3 to step 7 of basic flow: Learner click “Exit” to exit review mode.
Step 8: The pop up screen displays “Do you really want to exit?” with “Stay” and “Exit without saving changes” options.
Step 9: Learner chooses “Stay”.
Step 11: The vocabulary exercises continue.
Go back to the step that user choose to branch in the basic flow and continue with the steps from step that user choose to branch in the basic flow.

Alternative flow 2: Learner chooses wrong answer
At step 5 of basic flow: If the answer is wrong, the pop up screen is red.
Go back to step 7 in the basic flow and continue with the steps from step 7.

Exception flow: Learner chooses to exit.
At anywhere from step 3 to step 7 of basic flow: Learner click “Exit” to exit review mode.
Step 8: The pop up screen displays “Do you really want to exit?” with “Stay” and “Exit without saving changes” options.
Step 9: Learner chooses “Exit without saving changes”.
Step 10: The system do not update new words status and redirect to the lesson page.

Preconditions:
Learner must be logged into the application.

Postconditions:
Topic is marked as completed. 
Vocabulary words are marked as studied.
Learner can review completed topics and studied vocabulary later.

